- My work for Monumenta is open source. My main piece of work, the Haunted modifier, can be found on the [Monumenta Github page](https://github.com/TeamMonumenta/monumenta-plugins-public/blob/master/plugins/paper/src/main/java/com/playmonumenta/plugins/delves/abilities/Haunted.java). Using my knowledge of Java and 3D vector math, I managed to add a "delve modifier" that creates a creature that bobs up and down, moves relatively to the player's speed, emits particle effects, and always looks at the player. However, after programming this into the game, there were many issues that the modifier had. I was able to decipher the errors displayed, add many different case scenarios, and completely prevent the creature from bugging out.
[ADD IN A GIF OF THE HAUNTED MODIFIER WORKING]
- I also worked to create many different systems for an upcoming MMORPG named Eternia (it is also called Devoria sometimes, the name is not set in stone yet). I was able to program a complicated spell system with original particle effects, collaborate with other developers in Github, and come up with new ideas in the boundaries of the project leader's requests.
[ADD IN A GIF OF MULTIPLE SPELLS WORKING AND YOUR SYSTEMS]
- I also worked in many game jams, as detailed in my [Work Experience portfolio](workexperience.md). I have three out of the four game jams that I remember participating in (there were even more but those and the one out of these four that I remember were on my past account that I lost): the [2022 GMTK Game Jam](https://itch.io/jam/gmtk-2023), the [2022 Ryan Layley Games Spring Game Jam](https://cheekboy.itch.io/everlasting-time) - that was unfinished since the other programmer insisted on programming it in Unity, which I had no clue how to work in, but we are still working on that game now, and it's going very well! -, and the [2023 GMTK Game Jam](https://skar.itch.io/321go). While these games may not be the best of quality, each person on each of the teams I worked in, including me, were busy with school or work at the times of the jams, so we could have done a lot better even with the 48-hour time limit.
