- I worked in a small development team from 2022-2023 called Monumenta, helping create plugins in Java to work on the MMORPG. During my time there, I led a small team to create a new modifier for Monumenta called "Haunted". I also helped work on an automation tool to sort through a database made for the game and turn it into code. To perform these tasks, I required extensive knowledge of Java, math in 3D spaces, and leadership.
- I led multiple teams in small events called "game jams". During these game jams, I usually was the programmer in a team of 3-5 people. We would create an entire game in a very short amount of time, requiring good leadership skills, ability to program quickly and effeciently, and being able to communitcate with my teammates. Though I didn't finish one or two, I managed to finish four game jams: The 2022 Bullet Hell Game Jam, the 2022 GMTK (Game Maker's Toolkit) Game Jam, the Ryan Layley Games Spring Jam of 2023, and the 2023 GMTK Game Jam. The projects I made in 3 out of those four game jams are linked in the [programming projects page](). In 3 out of those four game jams, I was the main programmer and the lead developer. In the Ryan Layley Games Spring Jam of 2023, our team made a game that we loved so much that we're still working on it together.
- I was the Vice-President of the GSA (Genders & Sexualities Alliance) Club in 9th grade (Fall of 2022 to Summer of 2023) iLEAD High School. During my time there, I helped the President of the club organize events, set up times for meetings, and host those meetings.
